I love watching my audience
dance before the show.
Here is some wonderful dancers
who have been here lately.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC]
>> All right
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> That last couple is here today,
come on down.
What are your names?
>> Kelly.
>> Hi, Kelly.
>> Reggie, Reginal.
>> Gibson.
>> Kelly and Reginal Gibson.
>> Yes.
>> Okay, so and you're from where?
What do you do?
>> Ohio and I'm an occupational therapist.
[SOUND]
>> And we work for therapeutic personnel.
My apologies.
I work as an occupational student.
And we work for therapy to personnel.
>> I see.
>> Marketing and responsibilities.
We're on our own so.
>> [NOISE]
>> [LAUGH]
>> [SOUND] A little stumpy.
>> Actually, you have time to catch your
breath cuz I'm gonna read the letter
that you wrote.
Dear Ellen, my name is Kelly Gibson and
my family dances along to
your show every single day.
I'm married to my wonderful husband,
Reggie,
who is the most amazing father to our 11
year old son and three year old triplets.
>> Yes.
>> When we learned we were having
triplets, we laugh because we
knew we were meant for the job.
My husband is the hardest worker I know.
We choose to be happy
through the struggles and
our four children are reflection
of our happiness.
Ellen, you bring our family joy and
daily reminder that we have so
much to be thankful for.
Thank you for
making the world a better place.
More positive.
We love you.
Love, the Gibson family.
So isn't that sweet?
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> You know I'm so shy.
>> It's amazing you have this much
energy with 3-year-old triplets and
an 11-year-old.
Your 11-year-old, what's his name?
>> Timothy.
Hi, Timothy!
>> [LAUGH]
>> So Timothy is a good big brother?
>> My gosh!
>> He's an excellent big brother.
>> He's like the biggest blessing ever.
He helps us with the kids.
He doesn't complain.
He's just, he is-
>> That's so sweet.
>> I don't know what we
would do without him.
He's amazing.
>> Well, you're all super human.
That's what it is.
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's what it takes.
>> Okay.
So,
you drive them around all day
long to different things, right?
>> Yeah.
We got to keep them busy.
>> My God.
We stay busy.
We don't stop ever.
>> Yeah.
And you watch the show together everyday.
>> Every day when he gets home from work,
it's on.
>> Very true.
>> No question.
You have to watch it.
>> There's nothing else to watch.
It's depressing.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I get home from work and
I need to see something fun and exuberant.
>> Happy.
>> And happy.
And then I can go to sleep afterwards.
>> That's what I try to do.
I try to give you something.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> [APPLAUSE
>> They're a lot of mess,
look how precious they are, look at that.
[LAUGH]
>> Babies.
>> I know you dance the show and
you love the music.
>> Yeah.
>> That we play, I'll put play list for
you that you're gonna love.
>> Yes.
>> And
I was trying to figure out we
can play that playlist and
I was like, I got an idea,
let's play the playlist here.
[MUSIC]
Won.
>> My.
>> Number one.
>> My God.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Seriously?
>> Here.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Let me have the mic, okay.
Okay.
My friends at Chevy want
you to have this 2018 Equinox,
it completely redesigned and packed with
technology that will keep you comfortable,
and connected, like Apple CarPlay.
It's everything you need to do everything
you want and we'll be right back.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> The kids are here,
so we thought we should make them,
so come on out kids.
>> My gosh.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Hi.
[INAUDIBLE]
>> Say hi, [INAUDIBLE] Hi, that's okay,
they don't have to give me a hug.
They can-
>> Hi!
>> You wanna give me a hug?
You can, or.
Hi!
>> Do you wanna give Ellen a hug?
>> No, she doesn't want to.
>> She's Dory, she's Dory.
>> That's okay, it's very confusing.
[LAUGH]
>> People don't understand when you
tell a child that I'm a fish.
>> [INAUDIBLE] Daddy!
>> Hi, hows everybody doing?
>> We're on the Ellen show.
Say hi Ellen.
>> Say hi.
>> Say hi Ellen.
>> Hi Ellen.
>> Good job.
>> All right,
this is the first time
traveling all together, right?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Did they cry, were they scared,
were you scared of flying?
>> No, they were so excited to fly.
>> No, they wanted the window seats.
>> Just when they got tired.
>> They wanted the window seats.
>> Yeah.
>> He's flown before, but.
>> Okay, so you work with people
with mental disabilities, and
you both have, and you've known for a year
now, that the company that you work for
is shutting down, they've-
>> June 30th.
>> They've cut funding, and so
that's the end of your job.
>> That's a scary thing to, yeah.
So, what are you going to do?
>> We're both going to school.
>> Mm-hm.
>> We get that in every day as much
as we can.
Basically, it's just one check now and
that's me because she has to stay home.
>> Tell me where you live again.
>> Hebrew Heights, Ohio.
>> Dayton Ohio.
>> Dayton Ohio, so
there's got to be someone in
Dayton Ohio that needs some
amazing people to hire.
To do something so get in touch with us,
we're going to try to help them.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Because.
[APPLAUSE]
>> You gotta-
>> [CROSSTALK], but
that doesn't pay the bills.
>> No, no.
You need to,
if you've been helping people, and
especially you deserve to be rewarded.
To help people with mental
disabilities for as long as you have.
So we wanna make sure we help you.
In Dayton, Ohio, get in touch with us,
because Dayton loves me.
We're very big in Dayton,
so, we love you, Dayton.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So.
>> We love you too.
>> Help us out.
Our friends at also want to give you
a cheque for $10,000.
That's going to help you.
>> [APPLAUSE].
>> My god.
>> All right.
>> Thank you.
My god.
[MUSIC]